in the Crimea begin to open earlier
closed and paid beaches
about it use a sign that
recently designated beach sanatorium spring
on which there was no free access
never underneath to the nearby sanatorium beach and
petri is also free although earlier
visiting the beach was charged and
forcing it and getting warm person access
I think this is right
because I don’t let go there
constantly coupon and take buy only
on the little mermaid was free porridge so all
closed such beaches such beauty
cleaning the tank comes all good that
discovers good fellows such positive
changes will certainly be positive
influence the future development of the Crimean
resorts but the power of the beach will be open to
free access
for example, according to the information I received
Yalta site response. com city of Alupka
free access to the beaches is provided
south coast beach frog this
information of course also pleases d like
residents of Alupka can see that
the entrance to these beaches was previously free
and say for free when opened
passage to the beach
three days ago before the May holidays
will be constantly open constantly these
freedom is to
Here you are without a pass to reach him
can
sanatorium ah-petri
these correctly it roll up the beach before
were closed by this beach
Well of course you think about what is right
it was of course about
people will be more from this how to read
than the war you open come miss hartan
you are all summer for master mom often you
come to the May holidays than he
We try every year and this year is not
changed get traditions end input
the beach is free it is good how will
being at ocean beach i
I'll tell you next time but what we
we can see in mischor
undoubtedly glad and gives hope for
resort change